hello kirby nautas welcome to the canal
of barbies and here we are in our
Kirby's guide and the rainbow brush for
get all the boxes and all
gold coins good medals
gold better said and if the wheel of the
luck allows us the newspaper but
now it 's up in the forest orange
lake bounced and that the ex-chief comes
we go there the lake bounced ditto
first we have to get to bounced
and the road is not very long what happens
is that Kirby in the form of a ball in his
normal way is quite complicated hey
because you're going up if you're stretching
down then come what is
quite complicated to control under
of water or at least it seems to me
quite complicated does not have its that
come let's see we are already in the area
of bounce today of underwater and we
appears with diving goggles
here what we have to do is
hit him like normal Kirby there in his 3
red plates good fuchsias better said and
the metal one we have to hit him with a
impulse to go well
and to get the Kirby boost
we have to pick up what's wrong what's wrong
site that bad site comes down kirby
low voice I'm in a terrible place
how bad what evil looks less bad out there
the bottle comes out let's see the
little bottle of milk for kirby runs
runs that disappears there is therefore what
what we have to do is collect those
little stars that are falling there is already
we only have the metal plate
come turn and go up rises of
control is this this Kirby under the
Water
to see come I need more stars
to get the momentum come and go
the rays will then unlock and with it
the rainbow ribbon
come if I already have the momentum I have the
impulse to see mine bottle well let's go
to make the impulse to go via and we're
perfect
bounced and annihilated
Well, the chiefs are already pretty
rapid
and there's the little dance of joy
kirby
and good about Kirby and the ine that is the
east color paintbrush
Well, since it's been so short,
so short cortita we are going to take some
I review some plasticine figurines
that we have been able to pick up there opens up
the step to level 6 red volcano but that
will be in the next episode now yes what
I said how it has been so short we are going
to take a look at the room
figurines to see for example what can we
see that we have not seen
the submarine is quite Kirby
graciosete we got to take all the
information is there and have a look
are these super detailed figurines
of plasticine queen and with her periscope
his propellers even his ornaments in the
lateral and cheeks and the qirbi
rocket also has its chubby cheeks and
all the little arms are those two little dots
roses
good come a wow of the link there in
underwater form also one of the
enemies is quite simple but two
thanks 7
to see what else we are going to move to another area
look let's see here the crab
Cangri very original man the name does not
is it the cangri
but there's good and there we have
our little babe
that nothing in a nose are the little eyes
and little more and there are many thanks seven
are the truth is that figurines like this
in plan modeling they are great
good
this is the product night the gentleman
soon here we have the same as
You came back a little while ago but with a spear
come on let's see some little boss to see
for example good let's see here
colossal tank is not a little boss if you do not
it's how kirby becomes when he throws
a Kirby impulse turned into a tank
this we have already seen this is this new
Sister
and this jumping spring
come on
good and here we have this little
battleship that to defeat he had to
go hitting him and removing plates
they are quite good because thanks seven
of the two singles
and the minnows to protect themselves
eyes of the water because they also carry their
dive glasses like we do not like
and
come if we are going to also throw a
look at the rest of
from my singles these we have
around here this day I beat him for
let us loose the key that carries it and
tied with a rope around the
skull because cuéllar does not have if
we had seen
and good my dear solar mines there
is it so
the spores and good our little hand
this eat not of course
and the ogre pérez this is also
pretty good
well seen here clues and I for
there and we have here repeated from the tank
that we had seen it before, I think
so complex kirby figurines that
Your little diorama I love to show you
look at the treasure discovered online and
kirby over there they are super detailed in
these little dioramas
look look there sight seen everywhere
it can be seen in 360 degrees completely
above the sides in the
back is very good is very good
come on let's move on to this we would arrive
seen also also the other bounce
there is the bounce of the lake that carries
your built-in diving goggles
and the breathing tube also what
it takes the back and we see its
breathing tube and his chief glasses
is ready and prepared then for
face whoever is what happens is
that kirby general of death can with
everything and up to here our chapter of the
guide am as I always hope you have
liked that you can be useful and we
we see the next videos until later